COIMBATORE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY
Government Aided Autonomous Institution Affiliated to Anna University, Chennai
COIMBATORE-641014

ADMISSION TO THE FIRST YEAR OF THE B.E/B.TECH. DEGREE COURSE

First year B.E / B.Tech admission is valid and final only after the establishment of complete eligibility by the actual verification of all certificates in original and subject to the approval of the Directorate of Technical Education and the Anna University. You should be present with all your original certificates and fees for admission by 9.30a.m/11.00a.m/2.00p.m at the Main Building Conference Hall of the Institute.

FEES AND DEPOSITS:
Fees and Deposits payable at the time of admission.
The Students should remit the fees only by UPI payment/ Debit, Credit Cards/ Internet Banking.

B.E/B.Tech. Aided courses:
Tuition & other Fees: Rs. 33,350/- per year

The Students are requested to complete the admission procedure on or before the deadline mentioned in the allotment order issued by TNEA 2025. No extension of time for admission will be granted under any circumstances.

DOCUMENTS REQUIRED IN ORIGINAL AT THE TIME OF ADMISSION:
1. Intimation of allotment from Tamilnadu Engineering Admissions, Chennai.
2. 10th, +1, +2 Mark sheets.
3. Transfer Certificate and Conduct Certificate (From the Head of the Educational Institution in which the candidates last studied).
4. Original Community Certificate with Gopuram seal (For candidates other than OC).
5. Certificate of Physical Fitness.
6. Student's particulars form (Affix one passport size photo of student, Father & Mother in appropriate space).

All the applicants are informed that the original certificates produced at the time of admission will be retained in the institute and will not be returned till the completion of the course under any circumstances whatsoever. To meet any need for the certificates for scholarships, Education loans, application to other institutions etc., the students are advised to take at least Ten(10) photo copies of allotment order, 10th mark sheet, +1 mark sheet, +2 mark sheet & Community Certificate, First Graduate Certificate, Joint Declaration form, get them attested and produce the same during admission.

IMPORTANT NOTE:
The candidates should ensure that correct marks are furnished by him/her in the application form. The candidates are informed that if, after proper scrutiny of his / her marks, it is found that the marks furnished by him / her in the application form are not correct, then:
1. He/She will forfeit the admission no matter at what stage of the course he/she is at that time.
2. He/She will be debarred from pursuing the studies for a period of three years.
3. Legal action will be initiated against him/her for furnishing wrong marks.

I YEAR B.E / B.Tech ADMISSION 2025-26 CHECK LIST (I, II, III BUNCH):
1. Allotment order from TNEA, Chennai
2. Community Certificate
3. +2 Mark sheet, +1 Mark sheet, 10th Mark sheet
4. Transfer Certificate
5. Photocopy of Aadhaar card
6. Original First Graduate Certificate (if applicable)
7. Original joint declaration of First Graduate in the prescribed format duly signed by the student and his/her parent/Guardian
8. Certificate of Physical Fitness
9. Student's Particulars form
10. Affidavit by the student (Get signature from the notary public)
11. Affidavit by the parent/guardian (Get signature from the notary public)
12. Joint declaration by the parent or guardian and the candidate (Form issued by CIT)
13. Declaration by the student (Form issued by CIT)

The candidates are advised to produce five(5) attested copies of Allotment order (TNEA 2025), +2 Marksheet, +1 Mark sheet, 10th Mark sheet, Transfer Certificate & Community Certificate, First Graduate Certificate (if applicable) in addition to the above.

Scholarship Forms, Fee Concession Forms can be had from the office (Scholarship Section).

STUDENT'S PARTICULARS 2025-26 (Form Fields):
- Student's Name, Father's Name, Mother's Name (with Photos and Signatures)
- Aadhaar No, Date of Birth, Class & Branch, Roll No, TNEA Reg No
- Hostel details (If Hosteller: Name of Hostel and Room No.; If not a Hosteller: staying with Parent/Relatives/Friends/Private Lodging)
- Permanent Address with Pin Code and Mobile
- Address of close relatives or family friends in and around Coimbatore for emergency contact
- Nativity, Religion, Caste, Community (SC/ST/MBC/BC/Others), Mother Tongue, Blood Group
- Scholarship details (if any)
- Father & Mother details: Name, Residential Address, Occupation, Office Address, Mobile numbers
- Whether Gazetted/N.G.O. (In case of Govt. employee), Annual Income
- Educational Details: Exam last passed, Name & Place of Institution, University/Board, Month/Year of passing, Reg. No, T.M.R. Code No., No. of Attempts
- Subject-wise marks: Maths, Physics, Chemistry (Marks out of 100, Percentage)
- Extra Curricular Activities
- Student Mobile No, EMIS No, Student E-mail ID
